[AvatarGroup] Allow specifying total number of avatars (#29898)
mui-org/material-ui: docs/src/pages/components/avatars/avatars.md

## Grouped

`AvatarGroup` renders its children as a stack. Use the `max` prop to limit the number of avatars.

{{"demo": "pages/components/avatars/GroupAvatars.js"}}

### Total avatars

> If you need to control the total amount of avatars, use the `total` prop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to control the total number of avatars not shown, you can use the `total` prop.
```
